docs/AboutUs.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Us
---

We are a team based in the [School of Computing, National University of Singapore](http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg).

You can reach us at the email `seer[at]comp.nus.edu.sg`

## Project team

### Chrus Chong Kai Ngee

<img src="images/chrus-chong.png" width="200px">

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrus-chong/)
[GitHub](https://github.com/chrus-chong)
[Portfolio](team/johndoe.md)

* Role: Project Advisor

### Jane Doe

<img src="images/johndoe.png" width="200px">

[[github](http://github.com/johndoe)]
[[portfolio](team/johndoe.md)]

* Role: Team Lead
* Responsibilities: UI

### Johnny Doe

<img src="images/johndoe.png" width="200px">

[[github](http://github.com/johndoe)] [[portfolio](team/johndoe.md)]

* Role: Developer
* Responsibilities: Data

### Jean Doe

<img src="images/johndoe.png" width="200px">

[[github](http://github.com/johndoe)]
[[portfolio](team/johndoe.md)]

* Role: Developer
* Responsibilities: Dev Ops + Threading

### James Doe

<img src="images/johndoe.png" width="200px">

[[github](http://github.com/johndoe)]
[[portfolio](team/johndoe.md)]

* Role: Developer
* Responsibilities: UI

Commit message:

Update AboutUs to include details on Marcus

docs/AboutUs.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Us
---
Around the World in $80 was developed by the AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-1 team.

We are a team based in the [School of Computing, National University of Singapore](http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg).

This project is based on the AddressBook-Level3 project created by the [SE-EDU initiative](https://se-education.org).

## Project team

### Chrus Chong Kai Ngee

<img src="images/chrus-chong.png" width="200px">

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrus-chong/)
[GitHub](https://github.com/chrus-chong)
[Portfolio](team/johndoe.md)

* Role: Project Advisor

### Peh Hoe Khim Marcus

<img src="images/marcuspeh.png" width="200px">

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marcuspeh/)
[Github](http://github.com/marcuspeh)
[Portfolio](team/johndoe.md)

* Role: Team Lead
* Responsibilities: UI

### Johnny Doe

<img src="images/johndoe.png" width="200px">

[[github](http://github.com/johndoe)] [[portfolio](team/johndoe.md)]

* Role: Developer
* Responsibilities: Data

### Jean Doe

<img src="images/johndoe.png" width="200px">

[[github](http://github.com/johndoe)]
[[portfolio](team/johndoe.md)]

* Role: Developer
* Responsibilities: Dev Ops + Threading

### James Doe

<img src="images/johndoe.png" width="200px">

[[github](http://github.com/johndoe)]
[[portfolio](team/johndoe.md)]

* Role: Developer
* Responsibilities: UI
